### 20190110 作业
#### 2019-01-11

**Some people prefer to live in a small town. Others prefer to live in a big city. Which place would you prefer to live in?**

The big city has ==numerous== benefits. ==For one thing==, It has convenient public transportation. It has makes it possible for people to exchange various lines by ==bus, subway or taxi== when they go to work from home or elsewhere. If you want to go a position, ==there might be== several lines for you selecting in most situations. ==For example==, my univercity at CBD center and about ten miles away from my home, I ==have to no warry about being== late ==because== there are at least two lines which I choice. ==Also==, There are a lot of convenience in the big city. ==No one has to worry about== to buy the living goods. ==Since== we always learn or work late into the night and feel hungry, ==needing== to find some dessert to eat from store that is the 24-hours opened such as 711, McDonald's or KFC.

---

==Even though== a big city ==has advantages of being== ==convenient, speedy and economical==, I believe a small town is beneficial to residence. ==For one thing==, people of city is relately cool ==because== their rhythm of live is extremely fast. But the person of the small town is ==more== simplicity and warmth ==than== the urban person. They who has slow live style usually take a smile and say hello positively, ==walking== the dog when they meet you.Actually, we are strager. And, when the festival coming, people of one street takes a party which have a lot of delicious foods that include chicken, bread, chips, vegetables, and beverages and programs which contain sing, dance, and so on, as well as many gifts for children. people is looks like a big family. ==Also==, There ==nothing can be more satisfying than== living in a small town. Most of landspace has ==numerous== plants such as pine trees, rose flowers and some kinds of shrubs. It looks like a big vivid painting, therefore I enjoy this enverinment. So the small city is ==not== really for business working. ==Rather==, it is good for living.


#### 2019-01-27

**Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? “Universities should give the same amount of money to their students’ sports activities as they give to their university libraries.” Use specific reasons and examples to support your opinion.**

Because students of university always having numerous assignments ~~of~~ to each ~~caurse~~ course, they need kinds of sports activities for doing physical exercise and releasing their stress of study. Therefore, I agree that the university should provide the same amount of money for students' sports activities. For one things, the sports activities ~~needs~~ need to rent a huge space. There are over hundreds of students in every ~~colloge~~ college, it is used to supply racing areas and set a lot of seats ~~for~~ of audience. Also, several types of sports activities have various instrument which will be consumed by sporters, be cleaned and repaired by workers. Such as, whistle, starting gun, flags and so forth. The sport activities are held every week, everyone will join in it no matter what times and has to worry about not ~~droping~~ dropping the classes. There is more satisfying than other items.

---

#### 2019-01-29

Even though sports activities have advantages of helping students to be healthy, friendly and positive, I believe that the libraries ~~is~~ are better than sports activities in a mount of money for them. One things, there are numerous types of books in the libraries, such as computer science and technology, historiography and ~~philosopy~~ philosophy and various kinds of information and illustration in these books. The students usually want to browse and study professional data ~~of~~ onto their major and minor courses in the libraries, they will be used for their papers or examination. Since the professor will select some of {++the++} typical and classical theories and instances into test papers. For this reason, the libraries need much more ~~space~~ spaces to support it. Also, the libraries need to repair books and even buy new one. Since these books ~~is~~ are frequently borrowed or rented by students, they will be damaged or lost. In conclusion, the same money ~~is~~ {++are++} more important to libraries than sport ~~actitives~~ activities.

#### 2019-02-02

**Many people visit museums when they travel to new places. Why do you think people visit museums? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.**

The museums have numerous kinds of exhibition no matter what you want to see. For example, when I have been the museum of Toronto, there is a huge, brown, and artistic building in front of me. As it attracted me instantly, I decided to visit it. There are four floors and ~~a~~ {++an++} ~~extracitve~~ {++extensional++} floor at ~~undergroud~~ {++underground++}, and several ~~area~~ {++areas++} of theme ~~in~~ {++from/of++} the same layer. The first floor, for instance, sector one is used to ~~intruduce~~ {++introduce++} the origin of the Niagara Falls. Sector two is shown that the original inhabitants how to live and develop. Sector three is ~~exhibit~~ {++exhibting++} the china, it surprised me because I prided as a Chinese when I was ~~heared~~ {++heart++} the ancient information ~~from~~ {++about/on++} foreigner. In addition, there is the whale heart show in the B1 floor. It exhibted the whale was endangered by environment ~~pullution~~ {++pollution++} or human's hunt, so show has shocked me. The whale looks like very kindness, ~~intellent~~ {++intelligent++}, and harmless, their heart size as big as a smart car, amount of tooth likes a series bunch of brush, and the size ~~about~~ {++of++} between fifteen and twenty meters long. All these exhibition had ~~a~~ {++an++} information signs {++of++} beside the showing subject. There are various ~~instreasting~~ {++interesting++} knowledges or tips on it. Therefore, I have gained a lot from the museums, thus I suggest everybody to visit the museum when they ~~travle~~ {++travel++}. Becase everybody has to worry about not to learn nothing, so nothing can be more satisfying than it.