[TOC]

---

## 文章结构思路: [X 一个东西]
## Part 1 —— 
China has one of the world's oldest continuous civilizations—despite invasions and occasional foreign rule. A country as vast as China with so long-lasting a civilization has a complex social and visual history, within which pottery and porcelain play a major role.

```
段落主旨: 
```

```
细节: 
```

??? quote "translation"


### 预判: 
## Part 2 —— —— 顺承/并列Part
The function and status of ceramics in China varied from dynasty to dynasty, so they may be utilitarian, burial, trade-collectors', or even ritual objects, according to their quality and the era in which they were made. The ceramics fall into three broad types—earthenware, stoneware, and porcelain—for vessels, architectural items such as roof tiles, and modeled objects and figures. <font color='Blue'>In addition 并列</font>, there was an important group of sculptures made for religious use, the majority of which were produced in earthenware.

```
段落主旨: 
```

```
细节: 
```

??? quote "translation"


### 预判: 
## Part 3 —— —— 顺承/并列Part
The earliest ceramics were fired to earthenware temperatures, <font color='Blue'>but 句内转折</font> as early as the fifteenth century B.C., high-temperature stonewares were being made with glazed surfaces. <font color='Salmon'>During</font> the Six Dynasties period (AD 265-589), kilns in north China were producing high-fired ceramics of good quality. Whitewares produced in Hebei and Henan provinces from the seventh to the tenth centuries evolved into the highly prized porcelains of the Song dynasty (AD. 960-1279), long regarded as one of the high points in the history of China's ceramic industry. The tradition of religious sculpture extends over most historical periods but is <font color='hotpink'>**less 比较词**</font> clearly delineated than that of stonewares or porcelains, for it embraces the old custom of earthenware burial ceramics with later religious images and architectural ornament. Ceramic products also include lead-glazed tomb models of the Han dynasty, three-color lead-glazed vessels and figures of the Tang dynasty, and Ming three-color temple ornaments, in which the motifs were outlined in a raised trail of slip—as well as the many burial ceramics produced in imitation of vessels made in materials of higher intrinsic value.

```
段落主旨: 
```

```
细节: 
```

??? quote "translation"


### 预判: 
## Part 4 —— —— 顺承/并列Part
Trade between the West and the settled and prosperous Chinese dynasties introduced new forms and different technologies. One of <font color='hotpink'>**the most 最高级**</font> far-reaching examples is the impact of the fine ninth-century AD. Chinese porcelain wares imported into the Arab world. So admired were these pieces that they encouraged the development of earthenware made in imitation of porcelain and instigated research into the method of their manufacture. From the Middle East the Chinese acquired a blue pigment—a purified form of cobalt oxide unobtainable at that time in China—that contained <font color='hotpink'>**only 极端词**</font> a low level of manganese. Cobalt ores found in China have a high manganese content, which produces a <font color='hotpink'>**more 比较词**</font> muted blue-gray color. In the seventeenth century, the trading activities of the Dutch East India Company resulted in vast quantities of decorated Chinese porcelain being brought to Europe, which stimulated and influenced the work of a wide variety of wares, notably Delft. The Chinese themselves adapted many specific vessel forms from the West, such as bottles with long spouts, and designed a range of decorative patterns especially for the European market.

```
段落主旨: 
```

```
细节: 
```

??? quote "translation"


### 预判: 
## Part 5 —— —— 顺承/并列Part
Just as painted designs on Greek pots may seem today to be purely decorative, whereas in fact they were carefully and precisely worked out so that at the time, their meaning was clear, so it is with Chinese pots. To twentieth-century eyes, Chinese pottery may appear merely decorative, yet to the Chinese the form of each object and its adornment had meaning and significance. The dragon represented the emperor, and the phoenix, the empress; the pomegranate indicated fertility, and a pair of fish, happiness; mandarin ducks stood for wedded bliss; the pine tree, peach, and crane are emblems of long life; and fish leaping from waves indicated success in the civil service examinations. <font color='hotpink'>**Only 极端词**</font> when European decorative themes were introduced did these meanings become obscured or even lost.

```
段落主旨: 
```

```
细节: 
```

??? quote "translation"


### 预判: 
## Part 6 —— —— 顺承/并列Part
From early times pots were used in both religious and secular contexts. The imperial court commissioned work and in the Yuan dynasty (A.D. 1279-1368) an imperial ceramic factory was established at Jingdezhen. Pots played an important part in some religious ceremonies. Long and often lyrical descriptions of the different types of ware exist that assist in classifying pots, <font color='Blue'>alhough 让步转折</font> these sometimes confuse an already large and complicated picture.


```
段落主旨: 
```

```
细节: 
```

??? quote "translation"


---

## 错题分析 4
##### 3 词汇

!!! faq ""
    3.The word “evolve” in the passage is closest in meaning to
    
    A. divided
    
    B. extended
    
    C. developed
    
    D. vanished

##### 句子简化
> The tradition of religious sculpture extends over most historical periods but is less clearly delineated than that of stonewares or porcelains, for it embraces the old custom of earthenware burial ceramics with later religious images and architectural ornament. 

!!! faq ""
    4.Which of the sentences below best expresses the essential information in the highlighted sentence in the passage? Incorrect choices change the meaning in important ways or leave out essential information.
    
    A. While stonewares and porcelains are found throughout most historical periods, religious sculpture is limited to the ancient period.
    
    B. Religious sculpture was created in most periods, but its history is less clear than that of stonewares or porcelains because some old forms continued to be used even when new ones were developed.
    
    C. While stonewares and porcelains changed throughout history, religious sculpture remained uniform in form and use.
    
    D. The historical development of religious sculpture is relatively unclear because religious sculptures sometimes resemble earthenware architectural ornaments.

##### 6 词汇

!!! faq ""
    6.The word “instigate” in the passage is closest in meaning to
    
    A. improved
    
    B. investigated
    
    C. narrowed
    
    D. caused

##### 9 修辞目的
> Paragraph 5: Just as painted designs on Greek pots may seem today to be purely decorative, whereas in fact they were carefully and precisely worked out so that at the time, their meaning was clear, so it is with Chinese pots. To twentieth-century eyes, Chinese pottery may appear merely decorative, yet to the Chinese the form of each object and its adornment had meaning and significance. The dragon represented the emperor, and the phoenix, the empress; the pomegranate indicated fertility, and a pair of fish, happiness; mandarin ducks stood for wedded bliss; the pine tree, peach, and crane are emblems of long life; and fish leaping from waves indicated success in the civil service examinations. Only when European decorative themes were introduced did these meanings become obscured or even lost.

!!! faq ""
    9.In paragraph 5, the author compares the designs on Chinese pots to those on Greek pots in order to
    
    A. emphasize that while Chinese pots were decorative, Greek pots were functional
    
    B. argue that the designs on Chinese pots had specific meanings and were not just decorative
    
    C. argue that twentieth-century scholars are better able to understand these designs than were ancient scholars
    
    D. explain how scholars have identified the meaning of specific images on Chinese pots
