<h3>Early Cinema  6/13</h3>

题型 | 对 | 错
------------ | ------------- | ------------
5推断题多 | 2  | 3
1细节题 |   | 1
1是非题 | 1 |
4词汇题 | 1 | 3
1插入题 | 1 | 
1小结题 | 1 | 2

***段落主旨：电影直到西洋镜时代才以大众消费形式出现和简单解释西洋镜*** The cinema did not emerge as a form of mass consumption until its technology evolved from the initial "peepshow" format to the point where images were projected on a screen in a darkened theater.   In the peepshow format, a film was viewed through a small opening in a machine that was created for that purpose. <font color='red'>**||**</font> Thomas Edison's peepshow device, the Kinetoscope, was introduced to the public in 1894. *（时间点）* It was designed for use in Kinetoscope parlors, or arcades, which contained only a few individual machines and permitted only one customer to view a short, 50-foot film at any one time. The first Kinetoscope parlors contained five machines. *（设计目的、使用场景和情况）*For the price of 25 cents (or 5 cents per machine), customers moved from machine to machine to watch five different films (or, in the case of famous prizefights, successive rounds of a single fight).*（使用费用）*

***段落主旨：模仿留声机厅设计*** These Kinetoscope arcades were modeled on phonograph parlors, which had proven successful for Edison several years earlier. <font color='red'>**||**</font> In the phonograph parlors, customers listened to recordings through individual ear tubes, moving from one machine to the next to hear different recorded speeches or pieces of music. The Kinetoscope parlors functioned in a similar way. *（产品有比较-相似）* <font color='red'>**||**</font> Edison was more interested in the sale of Kinetoscopes (for roughly $1,000 apiece) to these parlors than in the films that would be run in them (which cost approximately $10 to $15 each). He refused to develop projection technology, reasoning that if he made and sold projectors, then exhibitors would purchase only one machine-a projector-from him instead of several.*（发财之道）*

***段落主旨：表演者赚钱意愿*** Exhibitors, however, wanted to maximize their profits, which they could do more readily by projecting a handful of films to hundreds of customers at a time (rather than one at a time) and by charging 25 to 50 cents admission. <font color='red'>**||**</font> About a year after the opening of the first Kinetoscope parlor in 1894, showmen such as Louis and Auguste Lumiere, Thomas Armat and Charles Francis Jenkins, and Orville and Woodville Latham (with the assistance of Edison's former assistant, William Dickson) perfected projection devices. These early projection devices were used in vaudeville theaters, legitimate theaters, local town halls, makeshift storefront theaters, fairgrounds, and amusement parks to show films to a mass audience. *（阐述Kp的使用场景）*
[When this widespread use of projection technology began to hurt his Kinetoscope business, Edison acquired a projector developed by Armat and introduced it as “Edison’s latest marvel, the Vitascope.]

```
Q1：第一行的which指代谁？是前面的句子么？

Q2：不明白第二句为什么要阐述这个，或者说不明白和第一句的关系

Q3：不知道是不是因为这个位置是插入题的语句，所以整段看起来怪怪的？
```

***段落主旨：动作片最终成为大众形式*** With the advent of projection in 1895-1896, motion pictures became the ultimate form of mass consumption. <font color='red'>**||**</font> Previously, large audiences had viewed spectacles at the theater, where vaudeville, popular dramas, musical and minstrel shows, classical plays, lectures, and slide-and-lantern shows had been presented to several hundred spectators at a time. <font color='red'>**||**</font> But the movies differed significantly from these other forms of entertainment, which depended on either live performance or (in the case of the slide-and-lantern shows) the active involvement of a master of ceremonies who assembled the final program.*（转折-对比，阐述电影在娱乐上与其他展现形式的不同）*

***段落主旨：阐述表演者的辛苦和成本，阐述事先录音及其好处*** Although early exhibitors regularly accompanied movies with live acts, the substance of the movies themselves is mass-produced, prerecorded material that can easily be reproduced by theaters with little or no active participation by the exhibitor. Even though early exhibitors shaped their film programs by mixing films and other entertainments together in whichever way they thought would be most attractive to audiences or by accompanying them with lectures, their creative control remained limited. <font color='red'>**||**</font> What audiences came to see was the technological marvel of the movies; the lifelike reproduction of the commonplace motion of trains, of waves striking the shore, and of people walking in the street; and the magic made possible by trick photography and the manipulation of the camera.*（递进-阐述录音复制品带来的新现象）*

***段落主旨：阐述观看者与图片的关系不再私有化，举例说明*** With the advent of projection, the viewer's relationship with the image was no longer private, as it had been with earlier peepshow devices such as the Kinetoscope and the Mutoscope, which was a similar machine that reproduced motion by means of successive images on individual photographic cards instead of on strips of celluloid. <font color='red'>**||**</font> It suddenly became public—an experience that the viewer shared with dozens, scores, and even hundreds of others. At the same time, the image that the spectator looked at expanded from the minuscule peepshow dimensions of 1 or 2 inches (in height) to the life-size proportions of 6 or 9 feet.*（阐述2个改变）*