[TOC]

----

## 文章结构思路：

One of the first recorded observers to surmise a long age for Earth was the Greek historian Herodotus, who lived from approximately 480 B.C. to 425 B.C. He observed that the Nile River Delta was in fact a series of sediment deposits built up in successive floods. By noting that individual floods deposit only thin layers of sediment, he was able to conclude that the Nile Delta had taken many thousands of years to build up. More important than the amount of time Herodotus computed, which turns out to be trivial compared with the age of Earth, was the notion that one could estimate ages of geologic features by determining rates of the processes responsible for such features, and then assuming the rates to be roughly constant over time. Similar applications of this concept were to be used again and again in later centuries to estimate the ages of rock formations and, in particular, of layers of sediment that had compacted and cemented to form sedimentary rocks.

## Part 1 —— 
#### 预判：

??? info "sentence"

    One of the first recorded observers to surmise`推测，猜测` a long age for Earth was the Greek historian Herodotus, who lived from approximately 480 B.C. to 425 B.C.
    > 第一个记录的观察者者之一猜测地球有一个长的年龄是希腊历史学家H，他大约活在公元前480到425年。
    
    He observed that the Nile River Delta`尼罗河三角洲` was in fact a series of sediment deposits built up in successive floods.
    > 他注意到尼罗河三角洲实际上是一系列沉淀物在连续洪水的沉淀堆积而成。
    
    By noting that individual floods deposit only thin layers of sediment, he was able to conclude`得出结论，推断` that the Nile Delta had taken many thousands of years to build up.
    > 通过记录，个别洪水只沉淀沉淀物的薄层，他能够推断出尼罗河三角洲经历了好几千年的堆积。
    
    **More important** { than the amount of time Herodotus computed`计算` }, {++which turns out`最后结果是，最终成为` to be trivial`微不足道的，简单的` `可能会出题` compared with the age of Earth++}, ==was== ^^the notion`概念，观念`^^ {++that one could estimate`估算` ages of geologic features++} { by determining`测定` rates of the processes responsible`可靠的` for such features }, and { then assuming the rates to be roughly`粗糙的，大概的` constant over time`随着时间的过去` }.
    > 比H最后的结果是简单的和地球年龄的对比的计算的时间数量更重要的是 一个能够 通过对这些特征可靠的过程速度的测定来估算地质特征年龄的概念，然后设想这个速度随着时间的推移大概会是恒定的。
    
    Similar applications of this concept were to be used again and again in later centuries to estimate the ages of rock formations`形成` and, in particular, of layers of sediment that had compacted`压缩` and cemented`加固的，粘在一起的` to form sedimentary rocks.
    > 这些概念相似的应用一次次地被使用，在最近几个世纪，用来估算岩石形成的年龄，尤其是已经压缩了和粘在一起的形成沉淀岩石的沉淀物的层的年龄。
    
It was not until`直到……才` the seventeenth century that attempts were made again to understand clues to Earth's history through the rock record. Nicolaus Steno (1638-1686) was the first to work out principles of the progressive depositing of sediment in Tuscany. However, James Hutton (1726-1797), known as the founder of modern geology, was the first to have the important insight that geologic processes are cyclic in nature. Forces associated with subterranean heat cause land to be uplifted into plateaus and mountain ranges. The effects of wind and water then break down the masses of uplifted rock, producing sediment that is transported by water downward to ultimately form layers in lakes, seashores, or even oceans. Over time, the layers become sedimentary rock. These rocks are then uplifted sometime in the future to form new mountain ranges, which exhibit the sedimentary layers (and the remains of life within those layers) of the earlier episodes of erosion and deposition.

## Part 2 —— 
#### 预判：

??? info "sentence"

    It was not until the seventeenth century that attempts were made again to understand clues to Earth's history through the rock record.
    > 直到18世纪才尝试又被当做通过岩石记录理解地球历史的线索。
    
    Nicolaus Steno (1638-1686) was the first to work out`算出` principles of the progressive`渐进的` depositing of sediment in Tuscany.
    > NS (1638-1686) 是第一个算出沉淀物渐进的沉淀的原理的，在托斯卡纳区。
    
    However, James Hutton (1726-1797), known as`被称为` the founder of modern geology, was the first to have the important insight`洞察力` that geologic processes are cyclic in nature.
    > 然而，JH (1726-1797)，被称为现代地质发现者，是第一个地质进程是自然循环的重大洞察力的人。
    
    Forces associated with`与……有关系` subterranean`地下的` heat cause land to be uplifted`上升的` into plateaus`高原` and mountain ranges`山脉`.
    > 力量与地热有关系引起地面升至高原和山脉。
    
    The effects of wind and water then break down`毁掉，分解` the masses of uplifted rock, producing sediment that is transported by water downward to ultimately form layers in lakes, seashores, or even oceans.
    > 风和水，然后毁掉大量上升岩石的影响，产生由水向下传输，最后在湖中，海滨，或者甚至海中形成层的沉淀物。
    
    Over time, the layers become sedimentary rock.
    > 随着时间的推移，这个层变成沉积岩。
    
    These rocks are then uplifted sometime`在某一时间` in the future to form new mountain ranges, which exhibit the sedimentary layers (and the remains of life within those layers) of the earlier episodes`一段时期` of erosion and deposition.
    > 这些岩石在将来的某个时候被上升形成新的展示侵蚀和沉淀的早期一段时期的沉积层（和有这些沉积层生命的残留物）的山脉。
    
Hutton's concept represented a remarkable insight because it unified many individual phenomena and observations into a conceptual picture of Earth’s history. With the further assumption that these geologic processes were generally no more or less vigorous than they are today, Hutton's examination of sedimentary layers led him to realize that Earth's history must be enormous, that geologic time is an abyss and human history a speck by comparison.

## Part 4 —— 
#### 预判：

??? info "sentence"

After Hutton, geologists tried to determine rates of sedimentation so as to estimate the age of Earth from the total length of the sedimentary or stratigraphic record. Typical numbers produced at the turn of the twentieth century were 100 million to 400 million years. These underestimated the actual age by factors of 10 to 50 because much of the sedimentary record is missing in various locations and because there is a long rock sequence that is older than half a billion years that is far less well defined in terms of fossils and less well preserved.

## Part 5 —— 
#### 预判：

??? info "sentence"

Various other techniques to estimate Earth's age fell short, and particularly noteworthy in this regard were flawed determinations of the Sun's age. It had been recognized by the German philosopher Immanuel Kant (1724-1804) that chemical reactions could not supply the tremendous amount of energy flowing from the Sun for more than about a millennium. Two physicists during the nineteenth century both came up with ages for the Sun based on the Sun's energy coming from gravitational contraction. Under the force of gravity, the compression resulting from a collapse of the object must release energy. Ages for Earth were derived that were in the tens of millions of years, much less than the geologic estimates of the lime.

## Part 6 —— 
#### 预判：结尾段 N/A

??? info "sentence"

It was the discovery of radioactivity at the end of the nineteenth century that opened the door to determining both the Sun’s energy source and the age of Earth. From the initial work came a suite of discoveries leading to radio isotopic dating, which quickly ted to the realization that Earth must be billions of years old, and to the discovery of nuclear fusion as an energy source capable of sustaining the Sun's luminosity for that amount of time. By the 1960s, both analysis of meteorites and refinements of solar evolution models converged on an age for the solar system, and hence for Earth, of 4.5 billion years.

---

## 错题分析
##### 1

!!! faq ""
    The word "trivial" in the passage is closest in meaning to
    
    A. similar
    
    B. inaccurate
    
    C. small
    
    D. significant
    
##### 2

!!! faq ""
    According to paragraph 1, Herodotus' observations of the Nile River Delta were significant because they allowed him to

    A. provide detailed records of the most significant floods in the history of the Nile 
    
    B. develop a way of calculating the age of geologic features 
    
    C. conclude that the Nile River Delta was as old as Earth 
    
    D. predict when the river would flood and when it would not
    
##### 5

!!! faq ""
    The word "episodes" in the passage is closest in meaning to
    
    A.  occurrence
    
    B.  locations
    
    C.  effects  
    
    D. combinations
    
##### 7

!!! faq ""
    According to paragraph 4, what happened when geologists at the turn of the twentieth century tried to estimate Earth's age?
    
    A. They ignored Hutton's findings about rates of sedimentation and thus tended to underestimate the age by a factor of 10 to 50.
    
    B. Using the sedimentary record, they were able to guess the correct age within 100 million to 400 million years.
    
    C. They did not realize that much of the sedimentary record is missing and thus assumed that Earth is much younger than it actually is.
    
    D. They did not correctly calculate the rates of sedimentation and thus concluded that Earth is much older than it actually is.
    
##### 9

!!! faq ""
    Why is "gravitational contraction" mentioned in the passage?
    
    A. To show that questions about the Sun's energy source were as interesting to early scientists as questions about Earth's age.
    
    B. To provide evidence that Hutton's ideas led to advances in physics and astronomy as well as in geology.
    
    C. To explain why there is such a tremendous amount of energy flowing from the Sun.
    
    D. To cite a method for estimating the age of the Sun that was used to determine Earth's age.
    
##### 12

!!! faq ""
    Which of the following can be inferred from paragraph 6 about the formation of the solar system?
    
    A. The Sun was already billions of years old when the planets were formed.
    
    B. The planets closest to the Sun formed first.
    
    C. Meteorites entered the solar system sometime after the planets were formed.
    
    D. All parts of the solar system formed at approximately the same time.
    
##### 13

!!! faq ""
    Look at the four squares [[■]] that indicate where the following sentence could be added to the passage.Where would the sentence best fit? Click on a square [[■]] to insert the sentence in the passage.

    This idea came to be known as the principle of uniformitarianism, and Herodotus was only the first to apply it.
    
##### 14

!!! faq ""
    An introductory sentence for a brief summary of the passage is provided below. Complete the summary by selecting THREE answer choices that express the most important ideas in the passage. Some answer choices do not belong in summary because the express ideas that are not presented in the passage or are minor ideas in the passage. The Question is worth 2 points. Determining the age of Earth has been a difficult problem in the history of science.
    
    A.Herodotus attempted to calculate Earth's age by observing sediment deposits, but modern principles for estimating Earth's age from geologic processes arose from the work of Steno and Hutton.
    
    B.Gaps in the sedimentary record began to be recognized by Kant and were later made clear by physicists studying the Sun's sources of energy.
    
    C.Radio isotopic dating, made possible by the discovery of radioactivity, and the discovery of nuclear fusion cleared up questions about both Earth's age and the Sun's energy source.
    
    D.Hutton described the effects of wind and water on masses of uplifted rock and was the first to suggest that much of the sedimentary record was missing due to erosion.
    
    E.Early estimates of Earth's age based on the rates of geologic processes were inaccurate, and calculations based on estimates of the Sun's age and energy source were also extremely low.
    
    F.In the 1960s scientists moved from analysis of meteorites to refinements of solar evolution models and determined the age of the solar system to be at least a billion years.